here is a baby chameleon just done today
it's a male as you can tell
well it can very tell because the male
has like you know something that has leg
and yeah you can tell when he's an adult
between you know you can distinguish
between a male and a female and yeah I
named him camo like camouflage and as
you can see he is perfectly healthy
here's his tank I I know I need more
decoration for him later I'll open the
heat lamp and the leaf Leafs for him to
hide in just spreading small crickets
suitable for his size you know and yeah
chameleons walk slowly to avoid being
eaten by predator so yeah
can looks like it's dancing chameleon I
saw it independent they can see two
things at once if you take good care of
them they're our last spam is you know
they can live about 30 to 70 years which
is a good thing
they they're you know fees not only can
grip they can grasp see
when the chameleon this excited stressed
or you know afraid fellow changes color
it just helps them protect themself in
nature so
well I guess that's all thank you for
watching and please subscribe
IRA I I'm love subscriber well thank you
for watching again